Open the Inventory menu.
p02
Six pages line the sidebar, and every one of them reads the same way.
p03
A row of headline numbers up top.
p04
Three cards under it.
p05
Then a searchable list.
p06
Item detail is its own lesson.
p07
Today we walk the other five.
p08
Start with Inventory Batches.
p09
This is your receiving log.
p10
The tiles up top count how many batches arrived, how many are still open, and what they cost.
p11
But the column that earns its keep is Reference.
p12
It carries the purchase order each batch filled,
p13
so a receipt on screen ties straight back to the order behind it.
p14
When someone asks what actually landed on a P-O, you look here.
p15
Now Adjustments.
p16
Every stock correction the network makes lands here, split into positives and negatives.
p17
What makes the page useful in support is that a correction is never anonymous.
p18
Each row names the location, the ticket, the shift, and the cashier behind it.
p19
So a write-off isn't just a dollar figure.
p20
It's a person and a moment you can go ask about.
p21
Vendors is the supplier directory.
p22
Account number, company, contact, address, phone.
p23
When an order runs late or a chemical shipment comes up short,
p24
this is the page that hands you the name and number to call.
p25
The tile up top counts three open P-Os.
p26
That's the same figure waiting for you one page over, on Purchase Orders.
p27
Chemicals and Supplies.
p28
For a field tech, this is the page that answers the call.
p29
Read Stock Level against Par, the reorder point,
p30
and the gap tells you how deep the hole is.
p31
The Status chip says the same thing in one word:
p32
In Stock, Low Stock, Critical, or Out of Stock.
p33
When an alert fires that a tank is low, you come here, confirm the level,
p34
and grab the supplier from the same row.
p35
Last page: Purchase Orders.
p36
This is the order pipeline.
p37
The tiles split it by stage: open, pending approval, in transit.
p38
The list adds the supplier, the site, the money, and the two dates a caller cares about,
p39
when it was created and when it's expected.
p40
The Status chip tells you whether it's still waiting on a signoff, riding on a truck, or done.
p41
Every order row has a View button.
p42
Click it and a quick-look slides in over the list.
p43
In the demo it opens on a sample record, so we won't read fields off it.
p44
Open Full Detail is the door to the real order.
p45
Close the peek, and nothing moves.
p46
Five pages, one sidebar.
p47
Batches for what came in and which P-O it filled.
p48
Adjustments for who changed a count and why.
p49
Vendors for who to call.
p50
Chemicals and Supplies for what's running low.
p51
Purchase Orders for what's on the way.
p52
Same layout every time, so once you can read one, you can read all six.